## OO Backstretch

Backstretch is CoffeeScript class that allows you to add a dynamically-resized background image to any page.
The image will stretch to fit the page, automatically resize as the window size changes, and **crossfade between images**.     

**It depends on jQuery, but exposes a non-monadic API – the primary advantage of this being that the instance
returned on creation is mutable. This is the primary difference from the original jQuery plugin.**

oo-backstretch is a port of [srobbin/jquery-backstretch](https://github.com/srobbin/jquery-backstretch).

### Examples

See the examples/ folder.

### Options
`url`: The url of the image you want to backstretch. This is the only required parameter.

You can also pass a hash of additional options…

`centeredX`: The ratio of the width/height of the image doesn't always jive with the width/height of the window. This parameter controls whether or not we center the image on the X axis to account for the discrepancy. (type=Boolean, default=true)

`centeredY`: This parameter controls whether or not we center the image on the Y axis to account for the aforementioned discrepancy. (type=Boolean, default=true)

`speed`: This is the speed at which the image will fade in, after downloading is complete, in seconds. (type=Float, default=1.0)


### Setup

Include the jQuery libraries and Backstretch source in your webpage (preferably at the top of the page, in the head). Create an instance of `Backstretch` and boom. You're done.
  
    <script type="text/javascript" src="/path/to/prototype.s2.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="/path/to/proto.backstretch.min.js"></script>

    <script type="text/javascript">   
      bg = new Backstretch("http://path/to/image.png");
    </script>

### Swapping Images

oo-backstretch expands upon the standard jQuery version by adding a method to swap images and resizes.

    bg.change_source("http://path/to/another/image.png"); // Will load, and then crossfade image.

### Changelog

#### Version 1.0

Initial release.

### Support

Please file a ticket on our Github issues tracker.

### See Also…
[srobbin/jquery-backstretch](https://github.com/srobbin/jquery-backstretch) The original.
[arbales/proto-backstretch](https://github.com/srobbin/proto-backstretch) The Prototype/Scripty2 port.